An ARM processor is one of a family of CPUs based on the RISC (reduced instruction set computer) architecture developed by Advanced RISC Machines (ARM).

ARM makes 32-bit and 64-bit RISC multi-core processors. RISC processors are designed to perform a smaller number of types of computer instructions so that they can operate at a higher speed, performing more millions of instructions per second (MIPS).  By stripping out unneeded instructions and optimizing pathways, RISC processors provide outstanding performance at a fraction of the power demand of CISC (complex instruction set computing) devices.

ARM processors are extensively used in consumer electronic devices such as smartphones, tablets, multimedia players and other mobile devices, such as wearables. Because of their reduced instruction set, they require fewer transistors, which enables a smaller die size for the integrated circuitry (IC). The ARM processor’s smaller size, reduced complexity and lower power consumption makes them suitable for increasingly miniaturized devices.

>The CMP instruction subtracts the value of Operand2 from the value in Rn . This is the same as a SUBS instruction, except that the result is discarded. 

>The CMN instruction adds the value of Operand2 to the value in Rn . This is the same as an ADDS instruction, except that the result is discarded.

> BLS – Branch on Lower than or Same.

> The B instruction causes a branch to label .

> The RET instruction pops the high-order and low-order bytes of the PC from the stack (and decrements the stack pointer by 2).

>  load ( LDP ) and store pair ( STP )

> The atoi() function converts a character string to an integer value.

> BL (branch and link) and MOV PC, LR are the two essential instructions needed for a function call and return. BL performs two tasks: it stores the return address of the next instruction (the instruction after BL) in the link register (LR), and it branches to the target instruction.

> atoi = ascii to integer = taking inputs

> The SIZE operator can return the size of a C or C++ variable. A variable's size is the product of its LENGTH and TYPE. The TYPE operator can return the size of a C or C++ type or variable. If the variable is an array, TYPE returns the size of a single element of the array.

> .bne -> BNE (short for "Branch if Not Equal") is the mnemonic for a machine language instruction which branches, or "jumps", to the address specified if, and only if the zero flag is clear.

> The ADRP instruction shifts a signed, 21-bit immediate left by 12 bits, adds it to the value of the program counter with the bottom 12 bits cleared to zero, and then writes the result to a general-purpose register.

> NOP does nothing

> ldp : Load Pair of Registers.
